hey guys welcome back so for today's
video I'm going to be showing you how to
get tanned and a cutie ready so I hope
you guys enjoy this video so the first
thing I'm going to do is exfoliate my
skin I'm going to be using the
million-dollar tan body buffer this body
scrub also works into a ladder so it's
going to help remove any oils and dirt
and dead skin cells which is going to
allow for your tan to go on a lot
smoother and last a lot longer and it
also smells like peppermint so it's
super invigorating and really nice to
use so when exfoliating my skin I'm
going to make sure that I pay extra
attention to those areas that could get
a little rough at times like my knees
and hands and feet and elbows just so
those areas don't attract any extra
pigmentation from the self tanner that's
where my self tanner goes on a lot
smoother and looks a lot more even so
now to shave I'm going to be using my
skintimate skin therapy moisturizing
shave gel in fact this is hydrating and
moisturizing is really going to be a
benefit for a self tanner because you
don't want to apply self-tanner to dry
skin and that's going to make your self
tan develops super catchy and not some
or even at all so you just want to make
sure that your skin is hydrated and
you'll be all good
now to get our tan on I'm going to be
using the million-dollar tan too banette
an extreme I love this product because
it's so simple and easy to use
especially as a mom there's just some
products out there that you just want to
be able to throw on and keep and move in
and this is definitely one of those
products so this goes on white but all
you need to do is just rub it in and
then it becomes translucent just like a
lotion and you're good to go moving on
to the rougher areas like elbows I'm
making sure to go over it super lightly
with just excess product just so those
areas don't become extra pigmented
once again with the hands I just like to
go over these areas very lightly with
excess product just so we don't get any
phrasings going on so now if i have my
self tanner on i'm just going to wait
probably about eight hours before i come
back and show you guys the final results
so i will BRB hey guys so I've had my
cabinet an extreme on for about eight
hours now and as you can see we're
definitely a lot more tan lot more
bronzy filling a little JLo s and
definitely ready for a Keaney weather so
I love it I love that the million-dollar
10 products give me a golden tan and on
orange e1 or an olive tone tan just a
nice golden one I think looks really
natural and I love it so I also added a
little metallic tattoo right here just
for a little bikini accessory so I can
still accessorize without having to wear
any jewelry or worried about my jewelry
tarnishing in the water or anything like
that I really like this to just pop on
when I want to accessorize my look for
the summer but I don't want to wear
actual jewelry so it's really nice for
that this company does have other
tanning products as well they have a
mermaid mousse that is relatively new
and I've heard really good things about
it I personally don't own it and haven't
try it yet but I have heard nothing but
good things about it and they also have
a spray which I have tried and I think
that's called the tan icon extreme and
that what i really love as well because
it has a color guard on it so you can
see where you're applying the tanning
product and that's really nice and
convenient the cabana tan extreme I
personally really love because it's
super easy to apply perfect for moms on
the go like myself when you just want to
slap on some sunless tan and get back to
your kids so yeah I also love this one
because it allows you to skip some steps
you don't have to apply it with a mitt
or an applicator sponge and you don't
have to rinse off the color guard you
can just pop it right on and get back to
what you're doing so so that's going to
be it for this video i will leave the
product that I used your down below the
description bar along with Phil's link
it is an affiliate link though so if you
don't want to use it you don't have to
no pressure but if you want to support
your girl though like that late oh no
you don't use it if you don't want to
but I will leave it down there for you
guys if you do and even though it's an
affiliate link i did pay for this
product with my own money and this
review is completely one hundred percent
honest i have tried other tanning
products offered that I didn't like
before and these ones I just really love
I love the color they give me and I love
how easy they are to use I will also
leave my social networks down below if
you guys want to follow me on instagram
snapchat Twitter I will leave that down
below in the description bar for you so
that's it thank you guys so much for
watching and I will talk to you in the
next one bye guys
hey tickle fight once a visit wow that
was anything